There was very little subtlety in your life as a child.
Your mother was as harsh as she was beautiful, and her
wrath if you displeased her was terrible indeed. Your
father was an equally fearsome man. You learned the ways
of power from them, particularly how to harness and use
the raw forms of magicka. There was no question of
whether these energies of destruction should be used --
only how it might be done. Occasionally, for variety,
you dabbled in other colleges of magic, learning how to
turn invisible to avoid your parents
But the School of Destruction was your specialty.


You remember your parents talking about the Imperial
Battlemage, Jagar Tharn, how it was known in their circle
that he had usurped the power of the land away from its
rightful ruler. No one dared to move against him.
Battlemages themselves, your parents envied Tharn's success.
But you pitied Tharn, for he had to move incognito.
One day in your twentieth year, you received a visitor at
your house with the news that a powerful hero had killed
Jagar Tharn and restored the exiled Emperor to the throne.
Accepting the transfer of power as a natural process, your
parents took the news with only mild disappointment.


The visitor also brought the news that there would be a great
celebration in Imperial City. Once the courier left, you
asked your parents if you could go to the celebration. Your
mother and father discussed it for some time, before deciding
that it was time you made your own way in the world. Your
mother gave you a marvelous book and your father gave you
a very unusual staff, then you were sent you on your way to
the Imperial City and the celebration.


After many days of travel, you approached the capital of the
realm, the Imperial City. You noticed a small band of
travelers only a short distance in front of you. As you
joined them, you were attacked by brigands who had
been lying in wait in the woods along the road. One of the
brigands raised his short sword to strike you. In a natural
reflex, you tried to deflect the blow with the staff your
father gave you. As the sword struck the staff, a great bolt
of lightning erupted from it and both weapons shattered. The
brigands and the travelers all stopped and stared at you.
As the thunder subsided, the brigands ran back into the
woods. You were mobbed by the travelers who thanked you
profusely for saving them, members of the Imperial Family
who had been visiting in the country and were returning to
the Imperial City for the celebrations. They insisted that
you come with them to the palace and have an audience with the
Emperor.


The Emperor was very impressed by your bravery and grateful
to you for saving his family. He formally invited you to
the celebration and presented you with an ebony dagger.
The festival continued for weeks, and during that time,
the Emperor often called on you for informal talks. When
you were not in audience, you usually spent your time
swimming in the murky black waters of the Caledon River.
One night you were called to the Emperor's presence in a
manner such that you knew the business was serious. He
met you in his study and there told you he had a favor
to ask.
