Though your childhood was similar to that of other
High Elf children you knew, at age 10, your
father thought you ready to begin learning thieving
skills. You spent many happy hours in his work shop,
practicing initially practicing jumping high and long.
Your skills developed slowly at first, and your father
seemed to have to suppress his impatience at times.


You applied yourself to your training more diligently
than ever. It gradually became apparent to both you
and your father that while you certainly would
become a competent thief given time, you would never
achieve his level of mastery.


While you were studying short blade techniques
with your father, your mother began to teach you, in
her quiet way, the use of magicka. It did not
take long to determine that you had some definite
potential. You discovered that you could use both
sciences together, using the discipline from
your short blade and fighting
training to accelerate your development of
restorative spells.


Your mother introduced you to some unusual, non-human
creatures, mostly the strange spriggan from the woodland.
You learned not only not to fear them, but also some of
their language. One in particular, a female named Cana Larethian
took a liking to you and trained you further in spells
of thaumaturgy than your mother ever could.


One night, your father brought you into his shop, a
serious expression on his face. He explained that an
agent of the Emperor himself had approached the
heads of the local Thieves and Mages Guild. He had told
them that the Emperor had heard rumors of a
wizard named Cyrelas Stormus who was supposed to
have been allied with the imperial traitor Jagar Tharn.
The Emperor dared not act against Cyrelas Stormus
without proper evidence to verify his illegal actions.
Your father suggested that, as a pair, you two were just
right for the assignment. Excited about the chance
to impress your father as much as the Emperor's reward,
you agreed at once.


Some nights later, you and your father broke into
Cyrelas Stormus's study and began searching for
evidence of conspiracy. A noise out in the hall
nearly caused you to drop the stack of papers you were
carrying. Quickly, as agreed before, you moved off to the
exit route carrying Cyrelas Stormus's materials
while your father headed off to provide a distraction. He
gave you a wink and disappeared. You left the castle, and
followed the escape route to your home.


There, a portly mage and an Imperial courier examined the
materials, and from their reactions, the evidence damned
Cyrelas Stormus. You sat with your mother and
fretfully awaited your father's return. The hours turned
to days, and you numbly realized that you would never see
your father again. The receipt of the Emperor's reward
seemed small consolation for your loss.


Some weeks later, a letter bearing the Imperial seal
arrived at your house. You were requested in the Imperial
City at once.
